Bitch, don't you dare
No.
Be bold to see your father
You destroyed General You's golden armor
Do you still want to destroy it now?
We were also unable to be trained by the general
This is a gift from my first female commander in Great Xia
Is it something that a lowly person like you can touch?
No.
So you ruin my future and kill you
I will die soon
Meet the king
Chenzhou
Here you are, get up
Mother-in-law, I am on the street in the city today
Saw wearing the exact same bell
What is the woman with the jade pendant?
The little female champion dares to throw away my bag in shame
This male king desperately
This palace orders to go to the camp of the prodigal palace immediately
Cut the princess for me
All the soldiers went to Fengming Pavilion with this king
Pick up the eldest princess and drive home